Update service definition docs (#1423)
encoredev/encore: docs/tutorials/uptime.md

Later we'll store this result in a database so we can detect when the status changes and
send alerts.

🥐 Create a directory named `monitor` containing a file named `encore.service.ts`.

```shell
$ mkdir monitor
$ touch monitor/encore.service.ts
```

🥐 Add the following code to `monitor/encore.service.ts`:

```ts
-- monitor/encore.service.ts --
import { Service } from "encore.dev/service";

export default new Service("monitor");
```

> This is how you create microservices with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `monitor` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `monitor` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how you create define services with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `monitor` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `monitor` service.
```
